Okay, we're now being recorded um, thank you so much all for coming. Sorry that I can't be there at the, but I also see that. I don't see a lot of MTI backgrounds. Um, so I'm not the only 1.
2 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Uh, we have a couple of things to go through, um.
3 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
So fast, we last time we talked about this modeling conference, and I was thinking that, maybe at 1 of the meetings where Oman is present, uh, we should all sit together and talk about the upcoming conferences for the next year and maybe make a plan together.
4 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I mean, we have this repository with all the conferences that we were interested. I think.
5 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
End of last year, and, uh, we should update that before, but I think then we should be good to go to discuss, uh, who wants to go where, and we should do that before December so that we can make a budget, um, for that as well. Um.
6 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I heard that Anna Lumen is, uh, was sick for a couple of weeks. That is why we didn't make any progress on taxonomy. Um, but I have a meeting with her next Monday. And if you want something that I discussed before, or if you even want to join.
7 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, it's Monday at 3. um.
8 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, write me an email.
9 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I'll speak now it's shot, um.
10 "Valentin Kriegmair" (2132423168)
Do you need the online, I guess yes. Yes. Um, yeah, so maybe I can just join in and listen or yeah.
11 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, that would be good. Um, can you still write me an email so that I don't forget to invite you. Okay. Um, then I wanted to ask maximian is everything all right with your poster? I, I guess it is.
12 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Yes, it's now officially entrance.
13 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
To here, but, um, you have to drive to the Institute yesterday. They couldn't do it without me.
14 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, I mean, everyone needs to, um.
15 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Quite sensible of them uh, I invited the equity representative, Maria. I'm on a team meeting to present on equity. Um, but she has, like, a week ago. Um, but she hasn't responded and maybe it's just the wrong email.
16 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Oh, no, 1 looks at the equity at email ever. So maybe I follow up on that. Um.
17 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I discussed with Mike that we want to do a Julia workshop at the Institute, because it went so smoothly in Munich. I thought that would be like a nice thing to do and not to, um.
18 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Strenuous fast, um, she's she suggested 2 dates based on, uh, our photo.
19 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
That's apparently I haven't pasted in the email into the agenda. So where do I find that? I don't think I find that uh.
20 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
What someone's you see on that email.
21 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Nope, right. Mm. Hmm. Okay. I, I have to look that up in a minute. Um, maybe you yeah.
22 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I looked that up and then we can decide if we can do it on 1 of the 2 days. Um, I think.
23 "Hannes" (1269292032)
If you want to know yes, the date the date yeah each 210th, 11th and 14+17 uh, November both. Okay.
24 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, and repeat, uh, so, November, right? So we have to.
25 "Hannes" (1269292032)
8 to 10th of November is the 1st period and 14+the 17th of November is the 2nd date. She code.
26 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, so we have basically 4 different dates.
27 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Are there any preferences mark? Apparently not um.
28 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I would say there are a little better. Okay.
29 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, then, uh, move, it will not join because they just come to psych Academy at the same time. But there is also maybe a plus because we could.
30 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I don't know what the plan for the contract is there already a program.
31 "Moritz" (3183618560)
I don't know Fox, but otherwise I have no idea. Okay.
32 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Because then we can also write, look an email and tell her that.
33 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
We are offering the workshop anyway, and if some other companies, like people want to join, because they are involved in any way they can.
34 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Mm, hmm. Okay. Um, so it's decided that we do.
35 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I don't know whatever was in the 1st, week of November, like 8 or 10 or something.
36 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, good. So what's the next agenda point? Um, then in Munich, we, uh.
37 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
hannah's hannah's, Nicholas. Sorry Nicholas and movers and I discussed a lot about getting things done, uh, which is this kind of framework that I've been using for years, uh, on and off and.
38 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I have been reading the book because I dropped the ball at some point. So, for example, I forgot at some point, I'm very sorry about that. Um, and I was wondering, is there any interest, uh, that we spend probably 2 hours like, on a quick start on this.
39 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Our methodology of like, organizing to do lists and calendars and life. Is there some interest? Maybe.
40 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I don't see everyone, so you can just use the reaction thing. I.
41 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I think if I may, I think that's a great idea. Also. It could be possible to invite someone as external speaker.
42 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I mean, that's always also an option. I mean, it's great if you do it.
43 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
But if you talk to some, I don't know, there's probably central funding. If you, if you ask YMCA, for example, if you attach just to 1 of the graduate schools. Um, yeah. Maybe yeah.
44 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Maybe additional input yeah, maybe I ask as well, especially because, uh, the company behind getting things done or David Allan, which is basically a company in itself. Um, they.
45 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Will release the getting things done for teams next year, uh, beginning next year. Maybe then we can do like a formal then we can invite someone, uh, for, like, how to actually implement it as a team. But this is like, concentrated on personal organization. Um, also Leoni.
46 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, yeah. Okay. Then I know that there is some interest I write an email to and, uh, think about like, how extensive it has to be, but I think like, in in 2 hours, we can get through most of the materials and get you started. Um.
47 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then I want you to ask Nicholas, uh, have you officially reached guest status?
48 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I was there on the phone. It's terrible. No, Nicholas. It's not there, right? No. Okay. Um.
49 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Then next thing is the which is pertaining hannah's and Maximilian.
50 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
So, you are good to go and you know what you want to do.
51 "Hannes" (1269292032)
And you have a date, right? Yeah. 13rd of December is okay.
52 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, if you want, you can also, uh, like, do a test run after 1 of the team meetings.
53 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, but probably would be a good idea to schedule it early because.
54 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, the team meetings already, um.
55 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Like, they are conflicting with some other events, but if you want to.
56 "Hannes" (1269292032)
I would love to there is no presentation right now there will be 1 and then I would schedule it.
57 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, um, and my community, you mentioned that you are not.
58 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Quite interested in giving a colloquium talk um, yeah.
59 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
So, my point was, I am doing a lab and I already have, I will already present at the.
60 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Meeting I will do to Julia workshop I will present in the colloquium here with class because I have to do this as part of my reputation.
61 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
And I wanted to present in the colloquium of maybe.
62 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Because I want to get some feedback on how to simulate language on the data.
63 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
And I'm not too eager.
64 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
To have a 5th presentation October yeah.
65 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
So, I, I, and I also don't have too much to present at the moment.
66 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
That's yeah, not too much where I would like to have feedback from the colloquium because I, at the moment, I need methodological feedback. Mandy.
67 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
So, yeah, I.
68 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
You can, of course, do a presentation on, like, your whole vision. I think that is also what this.
69 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Date is supposed to be like your 33 year vision of, like, what you want to tackle, um, basically an extended version of what you presented to Oman, um, and clouds but I agree that 5 talks within a month. This may be a little bit too much. Um.
70 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
On the other hand, um, the places are counted.
71 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
And you were like, on on the list that woman, um.
72 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, decided should present so, I don't know Andrea. What is your opinion?
73 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I mean, if you're on the list by man, that's, uh.
74 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Difficult to decline I would say.
75 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
And I know I, I perfectly, I mean, I feel you, Maximilian, um.
76 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
The thing is, I mean, the, it's.
77 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Actually, a relatively short talk, right? And.
78 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I mean, is there something that we can that the group can join can prepare? And basically Max, only the.
79 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Presenter or something that there will be an option of course.
80 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Something like that, it's about the Julia package or, I mean, but that's something.
81 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Everyone heard already, right?
82 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Yeah, I think the problem is, if I present, I would have to present my PhD stuff because that's basically the.
83 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Idea by the students on the list.
84 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
All right. Okay. And is it possible to just swap with somebody else so that it's later for you in time?
85 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I mean, the date, there's still a couple of open and we can definitely swap.
86 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
We can also just ask if former methods wants to present something, because I think maybe we could do a presentation about taxonomy.
87 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I mean, you're right I'm sorry. I mean, I, I was just reminded because this is the new format, of course, and the new format.
88 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
So, every new PhD student has to present.
89 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
This is the new rule. So, present that's simply something that Omar basically ordered everyone to do.
90 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
The thing is that maximum is of course, not a new PhD students.
91 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Yeah, but yeah.
92 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
He is not yet the PhD student at. Yeah. So.
93 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I mean, I think my my offer would be to just ask for a delay.
94 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
So that's okay. Excellent. Presents with the family method slot, but later, because he hasn't really started yet. Yeah.
95 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, so I write an email and get the, uh.
96 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Temperature of maybe we switch. Maybe. I mean, the dates are already known which we can pick um.
97 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I mean, I would be very happy, I mean, the days until December now.
98 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I would be very happy to present early January because then I'm at the.
99 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
And I have to present.
100 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I have to from like, um, for the school of commercial side, I have to present in the colloquium next year.
101 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Maybe maybe February, and this will also be my evaluation presentation because I have to do a presentation anyways.
102 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
But, I mean, that's the perfect reason, right? If you mentioned this by the way album, then yes yes.
103 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, so so I write an email to Martin telling that we have to do it.
104 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
In January because of former requirements.
105 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
And, uh, hope that we get an okay for.
106 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
I guess it's best to do February, because this is my final presentation of the then. So okay.
107 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, okay.
108 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
To ever to evaluate my performance. Okay.
109 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, maybe maximian can you draft this email and send it to me? Yes.
110 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Do this okay?
111 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, so only 2 more things, then we are through. I'm sorry, we are running late. I know. Um.
112 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
So the meeting the stand up that will be happening during the meeting will be canceled. So I'll, I'll cancel it in a minute just so that, you know, if you see a canceled E, mail, what exact meeting was canceled, um, it is.
113 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I don't know when the meeting is, but but we are conflicting, like, heavily, uh, with a couple of things.
114 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
October.
115 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Of October, um, also, just so, you know that, like, we have to be present there. Um, like like.
116 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Harmless, you have to be there uh, Andreas, you have to be there and I don't think anyone else has to be there.
117 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, that's.
118 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yes, and hannah's, we have to follow it and I also put like all the dates into into the formal methods thing where we have to be present.
119 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Which is on October um, last point is archive.
120 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, which is this chat bot for the research report? Um.
121 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I worked on it on the during the open science thing in Munich. Um, and it was quite complicated to get, like, large language models, run within guitar actions and then, like an automated container deployment. Um, but now I'm very happy with the result. Um, which means if you ever.
122 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
To automatically deploy a container somewhere we have now a repository that can be role model.
123 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
On how to do it explicitly if you have, like, API keys that have to be kept secret. But I'd need a drink builds time entering run time and so forth. So.
124 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, and I wanted to ask, uh, hannah's what what the state is because you worked on it yesterday, right? Yes. Um, I.
125 "Hannes" (1269292032)
Safe and also a couple of weeks town, so that can capture the question entry has asked it. So I think it will work now.
126 "Hannes" (1269292032)
Quite better because no understands what art means and also.
127 "Hannes" (1269292032)
Center and so on, um, but it failed yesterday to build because of something. I'm not completely sure it was later in the night. So I ended it there, but I run locally and I couldn't break it anymore, but it failed to build on. I will look into it.
128 "Hannes" (1269292032)
Today, maybe you have time with it, then we can maybe.
129 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, maybe I can come.
130 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
By spontaneously, because I don't know, like, how long this, uh, thing here road 1.
131 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
And where I have to be present and things, because they moved the program, and that it's the program is not on the line. They had just 1 slide and I didn't photograph it.
132 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, change it. Um, so maybe yeah, um, later today it can come by.
133 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, but, yes, then we should build it and maybe we can just finish this project. Um, today, then.
134 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, uh, that was everything that I wanted to discuss. Um.
135 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Is there something that you want to discuss?
136 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Actually added a couple of points that you don't see because you probably have to refresh your project view, but it's yeah.
137 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
I really short. Okay. Okay. It's it's Super short.
138 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I just wanted to mention that the 2 of us and maximum should discuss the resubmission of the base paper and, um.
139 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
I participated in the meta rep, um, discussion, which is sort of a project that tries to acquire more funding from the for.
140 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
For all sorts of research and applicability of.
141 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Uh, psychological and behavioral and cognitive research.
142 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Um, that's sort of a, a longer thing that we should separately discuss, but that's probably something where we could.
143 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Apply for funding, like, for a, say, a PhD or a Pre position, and I wanted to just let, you know that I'm part of the defense committee of.
144 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
At H*, which the defense will probably be somewhere in January, but I thought that's may be interesting to know. Um.
145 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
And I think Maximilian and somebody added probably 2 more points. Yeah. And I just wanted to ask if there are comments on the ranch logo that I sent around.
146 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
And then it's something we want to pursue further of whether we want to drop this, or whether you want to have more colors or more variations on.
147 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
No, go ahead. I like the ranch logo, but I think the f codes look a little bit more ranch like, because otherwise you don't see it. Like, you only see it after you, you know.
148 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Okay, let's try to do it more like.
149 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
But.
150 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
It's also, okay, it's just an f, because it's common method. So as long as it doesn't look like the Facebook. Ef. That'll be fine.
151 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Okay.
152 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Hello.
153 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
And maybe we actually want to do the logo contest. I love the idea.
154 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
That we just sit together for an hour and draw, like, funny stuff.
155 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
On paper for the next team meeting where we also do the whole thing.
156 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Be good and I think Maximilian has 2 last points and then we have.
157 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
So, should I present next week in a team meeting my poster because it's 2 weeks to the meeting and they never did the poster presentation.
158 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
And I also wonder if woman wants to see the presentation.
159 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Yeah, that's a good idea that show us the poster and explicitly invite women to the meeting next week.
160 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Here I will do that and.
161 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Then the last point was, we should meet andrea's Ireland I should meet about the.
162 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Box device reliability project, because we don't really know what to do with it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
163 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
Let's let's find that date, like a separate.
164 "Maximilian Ernst" (180413952)
Yes, yeah.
165 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
In a separate channel for base prereq and for.
166 "Andreas Brandmaier" (590238464)
The universe and everything. Yeah.
167 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Okay, um, sorry, that we, uh, took a little bit longer. It's sometimes not quite easy to see how much we need for our internal stuff.
168 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Um, but I glad, uh, 2 guests from MP, like.
169 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
School of cognition joined, uh.
170 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Yeah, you have.
171 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Half the floor, maybe you both want to introduce yourself real quick.
172 "Aaron Peikert" (2274650112)
Uh, and it will stop the recording. Um, I think.
173 "Kağan Porsuk" (4294940928)
Because the owner will then present some things. Hi.